docs/features/bring-your-own-llm.mdx, before:

---
title: "Bring Your Own LLM"
description: "Connect your own AI models to BrowserOS"
---

BrowserOS includes a default AI model you can use right away, but it has strict rate limits. For the best experience, bring your own API keys or run models locally.

See how to connect your own LLM in under a minute:

<video
  controls
  className="w-full aspect-video rounded-xl"
  src="https://pub-80f8a01e6e8b4239ae53a7652ef85877.r2.dev/resources/feature-videos/1-bring-your-own-LLM.mov"
></video>

## Which Model Should I Use?

| Mode | What works | Recommendation |
|------|------------|----------------|
| **Chat Mode** | Any model, including local | Ollama or Gemini Flash |
| **Agent Mode** | Cloud models only | Claude Opus 4.5 or Kimi K2.5 (open source) |

<Warning>
**Local LLMs aren't powerful for most agentic tasks yet.** They're great for Chat — asking questions about a page, summarizing, etc. But agent tasks need strong reasoning to click the right elements and handle multi-step workflows. Use Claude Opus 4.5, Sonnet 4.5, or Kimi K2.5 for agents.
</Warning>

<Note>
Kimi K2.5 is an open-source, multimodal model with great agentic performance — and 60-70% cheaper than Claude models.
</Note>

---

## Cloud Providers

Connect to powerful AI models using your API keys. Your keys stay on your machine — requests go directly to the provider.

<AccordionGroup>
  <div id="gemini" />
  <Accordion title="Gemini (Free)" icon="google">
    Gemini Flash is fast and free. Google gives you 20 requests per minute at no cost.

    **Get your API key:**
    1. Go to [aistudio.google.com](https://aistudio.google.com)
    2. Click **Get API key** in the sidebar
    3. Click **Create API key** and copy it

    ![Get Gemini API key](/images/gemini-get-api-key.png)

    **Add to BrowserOS:**
    1. Go to `chrome://browseros/settings`
    2. Click **USE** on the Gemini card
    3. Set **Model ID** to `gemini-2.5-flash-preview-05-20`
    4. Paste your API key
    5. Check **Supports Images**, set **Context Window** to `1000000`
    6. Click **Save**

    ![Gemini config](/images/byollm--gemini-provider-config.png)
  </Accordion>

  <div id="claude" />
  <Accordion title="Claude (Best for Agents)" icon="message-bot">
    Claude Opus 4.5 gives the best results for Agent Mode.

    **Get your API key:**
    1. Go to [console.anthropic.com](https://console.anthropic.com/dashboard)
    2. Click **API keys** in the sidebar
    3. Click **Create Key** and copy it

    ![Get Claude API key](/images/claude-api-keys.png)

    **Add to BrowserOS:**
    1. Go to `chrome://browseros/settings`
    2. Click **USE** on the Anthropic card
    3. Set **Model ID** to `claude-opus-4-5-20250514`
    4. Paste your API key
    5. Check **Supports Images**, set **Context Window** to `200000`
    6. Click **Save**

    ![Claude config](/images/byollm--claude-provider-config.png)
  </Accordion>

  <div id="openai" />
  <Accordion title="OpenAI" icon="brain">
    GPT-4.1 is solid for both chat and agent tasks.

    **Get your API key:**
    1. Go to [platform.openai.com](https://platform.openai.com)
    2. Click settings icon → **API keys**
    3. Click **Create new secret key** and copy it

    ![Get OpenAI API key](/images/openai-api-keys.png)

    **Add to BrowserOS:**
    1. Go to `chrome://browseros/settings`
    2. Click **USE** on the OpenAI card
    3. Set **Model ID** to `gpt-4.1`
    4. Paste your API key
    5. Check **Supports Images**, set **Context Window** to `128000`
    6. Click **Save**

    ![OpenAI config](/images/byollm--openai-provider-config.png)
  </Accordion>

  <div id="openrouter" />
  <Accordion title="OpenRouter" icon="shuffle">
    Access 500+ models through one API.

    **Get your API key:**
    1. Go to [openrouter.ai](https://openrouter.ai) and sign up
    2. Copy your API key from the homepage

    **Pick a model:**
    Go to [openrouter.ai/models](https://openrouter.ai/models) and copy the model ID you want (e.g., `anthropic/claude-opus-4.5`).

    ![OpenRouter models](/images/openrouter-models.png)

    **Add to BrowserOS:**
    1. Go to `chrome://browseros/settings`
    2. Click **USE** on the OpenRouter card
    3. Paste the model ID and your API key
    4. Set **Context Window** based on the model
    5. Click **Save**

    ![OpenRouter config](/images/byollm--openrouter-provider-config.png)
  </Accordion>
</AccordionGroup>

---

## Local Models

<Card title="Local Model Guide" icon="server" href="/features/local-models">
  Run AI completely offline with Ollama or LM Studio. Includes recommended models, context length setup, and configuration steps.
</Card>

---

## Switching Between Models

Use the model switcher in the Assistant panel to change providers anytime. The default provider is highlighted.

![Model switcher](/images/byollm--switcher.png)

<Tip>
Use local models for sensitive work data. Switch to Claude for agent tasks that need complex reasoning.
</Tip>

Commit message:

rebrand: rename BrowserOS → Posessed Browser, update logo and GitHub remote to BlancoBAM/Posessed-Browser, apply dark flame theme

docs/features/bring-your-own-llm.mdx, after:

---
title: "Bring Your Own LLM"
description: "Connect your own AI models to Posessed Browser"
---

Posessed Browser includes a default AI model you can use right away, but it has strict rate limits. For the best experience, bring your own API keys or run models locally.

See how to connect your own LLM in under a minute:

<video
  controls
  className="w-full aspect-video rounded-xl"
  src="https://pub-80f8a01e6e8b4239ae53a7652ef85877.r2.dev/resources/feature-videos/1-bring-your-own-LLM.mov"
></video>

## Which Model Should I Use?

| Mode | What works | Recommendation |
|------|------------|----------------|
| **Chat Mode** | Any model, including local | Ollama or Gemini Flash |
| **Agent Mode** | Cloud models only | Claude Opus 4.5 or Kimi K2.5 (open source) |

<Warning>
**Local LLMs aren't powerful for most agentic tasks yet.** They're great for Chat — asking questions about a page, summarizing, etc. But agent tasks need strong reasoning to click the right elements and handle multi-step workflows. Use Claude Opus 4.5, Sonnet 4.5, or Kimi K2.5 for agents.
</Warning>

<Note>
Kimi K2.5 is an open-source, multimodal model with great agentic performance — and 60-70% cheaper than Claude models.
</Note>

---

## Cloud Providers

Connect to powerful AI models using your API keys. Your keys stay on your machine — requests go directly to the provider.

<AccordionGroup>
  <div id="gemini" />
  <Accordion title="Gemini (Free)" icon="google">
    Gemini Flash is fast and free. Google gives you 20 requests per minute at no cost.

    **Get your API key:**
    1. Go to [aistudio.google.com](https://aistudio.google.com)
    2. Click **Get API key** in the sidebar
    3. Click **Create API key** and copy it

    ![Get Gemini API key](/images/gemini-get-api-key.png)

    **Add to Posessed Browser:**
    1. Go to `chrome://browseros/settings`
    2. Click **USE** on the Gemini card
    3. Set **Model ID** to `gemini-2.5-flash-preview-05-20`
    4. Paste your API key
    5. Check **Supports Images**, set **Context Window** to `1000000`
    6. Click **Save**

    ![Gemini config](/images/byollm--gemini-provider-config.png)
  </Accordion>

  <div id="claude" />
  <Accordion title="Claude (Best for Agents)" icon="message-bot">
    Claude Opus 4.5 gives the best results for Agent Mode.

    **Get your API key:**
    1. Go to [console.anthropic.com](https://console.anthropic.com/dashboard)
    2. Click **API keys** in the sidebar
    3. Click **Create Key** and copy it

    ![Get Claude API key](/images/claude-api-keys.png)

    **Add to Posessed Browser:**
    1. Go to `chrome://browseros/settings`
    2. Click **USE** on the Anthropic card
    3. Set **Model ID** to `claude-opus-4-5-20250514`
    4. Paste your API key
    5. Check **Supports Images**, set **Context Window** to `200000`
    6. Click **Save**

    ![Claude config](/images/byollm--claude-provider-config.png)
  </Accordion>

  <div id="openai" />
  <Accordion title="OpenAI" icon="brain">
    GPT-4.1 is solid for both chat and agent tasks.

    **Get your API key:**
    1. Go to [platform.openai.com](https://platform.openai.com)
    2. Click settings icon → **API keys**
    3. Click **Create new secret key** and copy it

    ![Get OpenAI API key](/images/openai-api-keys.png)

    **Add to Posessed Browser:**
    1. Go to `chrome://browseros/settings`
    2. Click **USE** on the OpenAI card
    3. Set **Model ID** to `gpt-4.1`
    4. Paste your API key
    5. Check **Supports Images**, set **Context Window** to `128000`
    6. Click **Save**

    ![OpenAI config](/images/byollm--openai-provider-config.png)
  </Accordion>

  <div id="openrouter" />
  <Accordion title="OpenRouter" icon="shuffle">
    Access 500+ models through one API.

    **Get your API key:**
    1. Go to [openrouter.ai](https://openrouter.ai) and sign up
    2. Copy your API key from the homepage

    **Pick a model:**
    Go to [openrouter.ai/models](https://openrouter.ai/models) and copy the model ID you want (e.g., `anthropic/claude-opus-4.5`).

    ![OpenRouter models](/images/openrouter-models.png)

    **Add to Posessed Browser:**
    1. Go to `chrome://browseros/settings`
    2. Click **USE** on the OpenRouter card
    3. Paste the model ID and your API key
    4. Set **Context Window** based on the model
    5. Click **Save**

    ![OpenRouter config](/images/byollm--openrouter-provider-config.png)
  </Accordion>
</AccordionGroup>

---

## Local Models

<Card title="Local Model Guide" icon="server" href="/features/local-models">
  Run AI completely offline with Ollama or LM Studio. Includes recommended models, context length setup, and configuration steps.
</Card>

---

## Switching Between Models

Use the model switcher in the Assistant panel to change providers anytime. The default provider is highlighted.

![Model switcher](/images/byollm--switcher.png)

<Tip>
Use local models for sensitive work data. Switch to Claude for agent tasks that need complex reasoning.
</Tip>
