docs/features/use-with-claude-code.mdx, before:

---
title: "MCP Clients (Claude Code)"
description: "Control your browser from Claude Code, Gemini CLI, or any MCP client"
---

BrowserOS is the best browser for AI coding agents. It comes with a built-in MCP server that lets Claude Code control your browser — open tabs, extract page content, fill forms, take screenshots, and automate any web task.

<Note>
Unlike Chrome DevTools MCP which requires setting up debug profiles and running separate servers, BrowserOS MCP works out of the box. Just copy the URL from settings and connect.
</Note>

## Why Use BrowserOS with Claude Code?

<Columns cols={2}>
  <Card title="Agentic Coding" icon="code">
    Claude tests your web app, reads console errors, and fixes the code — all in one loop.
  </Card>
  <Card title="Data Extraction" icon="download">
    Extract your LinkedIn profile, tweets, or any authenticated page content.
  </Card>
  <Card title="Task Automation" icon="repeat">
    Fill forms, navigate multi-step workflows, and automate repetitive browser tasks.
  </Card>
  <Card title="31 Browser Tools" icon="wrench">
    Full browser control: tabs, navigation, clicks, typing, screenshots, bookmarks, and history.
  </Card>
</Columns>

## Getting Started

<Steps>
  <Step title="Open BrowserOS Settings">
    Navigate to `chrome://browseros/mcp` or click **Settings** → **BrowserOS as MCP** in the sidebar.
  </Step>
  <Step title="Copy the MCP URL">
    Copy the Server URL shown on the page (e.g., `http://127.0.0.1:9239/mcp`).

    <img src="/images/features--browseros-mcp-settings.png" alt="BrowserOS MCP settings page showing Server URL" />
  </Step>
  <Step title="Connect your MCP client">
    Use the tabs below to connect your preferred client.
  </Step>
</Steps>

<Tabs>
  <Tab title="Claude Code">
    Add BrowserOS to Claude Code:
    ```bash
    claude mcp add --transport http browseros <mcp_url> --scope user
    # Example: claude mcp add --transport http browseros http://127.0.0.1:9239/mcp --scope user
    ```

    Start Claude Code and try it:
    ```bash
    claude
    > Open amazon.com in BrowserOS
    ```

    <Tip>
    Run `claude --dangerously-skip-permissions` to skip confirmation prompts for each browser action.
    </Tip>

    To remove later:
    ```bash
    claude mcp remove browseros --scope user
    ```
  </Tab>
  <Tab title="Gemini CLI">
    Add BrowserOS to Gemini CLI:
    ```bash
    gemini mcp add local-server <mcp_url> --transport http --scope user
    # Example: gemini mcp add local-server http://127.0.0.1:9239/mcp --transport http --scope user
    ```
  </Tab>
  <Tab title="Codex">
    Add BrowserOS to OpenAI Codex CLI:
    ```bash
    codex mcp add browseros <mcp_url> --transport http
    # Example: codex mcp add browseros http://127.0.0.1:9239/mcp --transport http
    ```
  </Tab>
  <Tab title="Claude Desktop">
    Open your Claude Desktop config file:
    ```
    ~/Library/Application Support/Claude/claude_desktop_config.json
    ```

    Add BrowserOS:
    ```json
    {
      "mcpServers": {
        "browserOS": {
          "command": "npx",
          "args": ["mcp-remote", "http://127.0.0.1:9239/mcp"]
        }
      }
    }
    ```

    Restart Claude Desktop to connect.
  </Tab>
</Tabs>

## Example Prompts

Once connected, try these prompts in Claude Code:

```
Open my LinkedIn profile in BrowserOS and extract my work experience as JSON
```

```
In BrowserOS, go to localhost:3000, click the login button, and check for console errors
```

```
Take a screenshot of the current page in BrowserOS and save it to screenshots/
```

```
Search my BrowserOS history for "invoice" and list the recent matches
```

## Available Tools

BrowserOS exposes 31 tools to MCP clients:

| Category | Tools |
|----------|-------|
| **Tabs** | open, close, switch, list, group, ungroup |
| **Navigation** | navigate, scroll up/down, scroll to element |
| **Interaction** | click, type, clear input, send keys |
| **Content** | get page content, get interactive elements, execute JavaScript |
| **Screenshots** | capture page, capture with pointer overlay |
| **Bookmarks** | list, create, remove |
| **History** | search, get recent |

## Demo Videos

### Agentic coding workflow
[![Frontend dev demo](https://img.youtube.com/vi/vcSxzIIkg_0/0.jpg)](https://youtu.be/vcSxzIIkg_0)

### Browser automation with Claude Code
[![Agentic tasks demo](https://img.youtube.com/vi/rPFx_Btajj0/0.jpg)](https://youtu.be/rPFx_Btajj0)

Commit message:

rebrand: rename BrowserOS → Posessed Browser, update logo and GitHub remote to BlancoBAM/Posessed-Browser, apply dark flame theme

docs/features/use-with-claude-code.mdx, after:

---
title: "MCP Clients (Claude Code)"
description: "Control your browser from Claude Code, Gemini CLI, or any MCP client"
---

Posessed Browser is the best browser for AI coding agents. It comes with a built-in MCP server that lets Claude Code control your browser — open tabs, extract page content, fill forms, take screenshots, and automate any web task.

<Note>
Unlike Chrome DevTools MCP which requires setting up debug profiles and running separate servers, Posessed Browser MCP works out of the box. Just copy the URL from settings and connect.
</Note>

## Why Use Posessed Browser with Claude Code?

<Columns cols={2}>
  <Card title="Agentic Coding" icon="code">
    Claude tests your web app, reads console errors, and fixes the code — all in one loop.
  </Card>
  <Card title="Data Extraction" icon="download">
    Extract your LinkedIn profile, tweets, or any authenticated page content.
  </Card>
  <Card title="Task Automation" icon="repeat">
    Fill forms, navigate multi-step workflows, and automate repetitive browser tasks.
  </Card>
  <Card title="31 Browser Tools" icon="wrench">
    Full browser control: tabs, navigation, clicks, typing, screenshots, bookmarks, and history.
  </Card>
</Columns>

## Getting Started

<Steps>
  <Step title="Open Posessed Browser Settings">
    Navigate to `chrome://browseros/mcp` or click **Settings** → **Posessed Browser as MCP** in the sidebar.
  </Step>
  <Step title="Copy the MCP URL">
    Copy the Server URL shown on the page (e.g., `http://127.0.0.1:9239/mcp`).

    <img src="/images/features--browseros-mcp-settings.png" alt="Posessed Browser MCP settings page showing Server URL" />
  </Step>
  <Step title="Connect your MCP client">
    Use the tabs below to connect your preferred client.
  </Step>
</Steps>

<Tabs>
  <Tab title="Claude Code">
    Add Posessed Browser to Claude Code:
    ```bash
    claude mcp add --transport http browseros <mcp_url> --scope user
    # Example: claude mcp add --transport http browseros http://127.0.0.1:9239/mcp --scope user
    ```

    Start Claude Code and try it:
    ```bash
    claude
    > Open amazon.com in Posessed Browser
    ```

    <Tip>
    Run `claude --dangerously-skip-permissions` to skip confirmation prompts for each browser action.
    </Tip>

    To remove later:
    ```bash
    claude mcp remove browseros --scope user
    ```
  </Tab>
  <Tab title="Gemini CLI">
    Add Posessed Browser to Gemini CLI:
    ```bash
    gemini mcp add local-server <mcp_url> --transport http --scope user
    # Example: gemini mcp add local-server http://127.0.0.1:9239/mcp --transport http --scope user
    ```
  </Tab>
  <Tab title="Codex">
    Add Posessed Browser to OpenAI Codex CLI:
    ```bash
    codex mcp add browseros <mcp_url> --transport http
    # Example: codex mcp add browseros http://127.0.0.1:9239/mcp --transport http
    ```
  </Tab>
  <Tab title="Claude Desktop">
    Open your Claude Desktop config file:
    ```
    ~/Library/Application Support/Claude/claude_desktop_config.json
    ```

    Add Posessed Browser:
    ```json
    {
      "mcpServers": {
        "browserOS": {
          "command": "npx",
          "args": ["mcp-remote", "http://127.0.0.1:9239/mcp"]
        }
      }
    }
    ```

    Restart Claude Desktop to connect.
  </Tab>
</Tabs>

## Example Prompts

Once connected, try these prompts in Claude Code:

```
Open my LinkedIn profile in Posessed Browser and extract my work experience as JSON
```

```
In Posessed Browser, go to localhost:3000, click the login button, and check for console errors
```

```
Take a screenshot of the current page in Posessed Browser and save it to screenshots/
```

```
Search my Posessed Browser history for "invoice" and list the recent matches
```

## Available Tools

Posessed Browser exposes 31 tools to MCP clients:

| Category | Tools |
|----------|-------|
| **Tabs** | open, close, switch, list, group, ungroup |
| **Navigation** | navigate, scroll up/down, scroll to element |
| **Interaction** | click, type, clear input, send keys |
| **Content** | get page content, get interactive elements, execute JavaScript |
| **Screenshots** | capture page, capture with pointer overlay |
| **Bookmarks** | list, create, remove |
| **History** | search, get recent |

## Demo Videos

### Agentic coding workflow
[![Frontend dev demo](https://img.youtube.com/vi/vcSxzIIkg_0/0.jpg)](https://youtu.be/vcSxzIIkg_0)

### Browser automation with Claude Code
[![Agentic tasks demo](https://img.youtube.com/vi/rPFx_Btajj0/0.jpg)](https://youtu.be/rPFx_Btajj0)
