README.md, before:

<div align="center">
<img width="693" height="379" alt="github-banner" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/1e37941c-4dbc-4662-9c8c-3bbe9971301d" />

<br></br>
[![Discord](https://img.shields.io/badge/Discord-Join%20us-blue)](https://discord.gg/YKwjt5vuKr)
[![Slack](https://img.shields.io/badge/Slack-Join%20us-4A154B?logo=slack&logoColor=white)](https://dub.sh/browserOS-slack)
[![Twitter](https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/browserOS_ai?style=social)](https://twitter.com/browseros_ai)
[![License: AGPL v3](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-AGPL%20v3-blue.svg)](LICENSE)
<br></br>
<a href="https://files.browseros.com/download/BrowserOS.dmg">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Download-macOS-black?style=flat&logo=apple&logoColor=white" alt="Download for macOS (beta)" />
</a>
<a href="https://files.browseros.com/download/BrowserOS_installer.exe">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Download-Windows-0078D4?style=flat&logo=windows&logoColor=white" alt="Download for Windows (beta)" />
</a>
<a href="https://files.browseros.com/download/BrowserOS.AppImage">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Download-Linux-FCC624?style=flat&logo=linux&logoColor=black" alt="Download for Linux (beta)" />
</a>
<a href="https://cdn.browseros.com/download/BrowserOS.deb">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Download-Debian-D70A53?style=flat&logo=debian&logoColor=white" alt="Download Debian package" />
</a>
<br />
</div>

## 
🌐 BrowserOS is an open-source chromium fork that runs AI agents natively. **Your open-source, privacy-first alternative to ChatGPT Atlas, Perplexity Comet, Dia**.

🔒 Privacy first - use your own API keys or run local models with Ollama. Your data stays on your computer.

💡 Join our [Discord](https://discord.gg/YKwjt5vuKr) or [Slack](https://dub.sh/browserOS-slack) and help us build! Have feature requests? [Suggest here](https://github.com/browseros-ai/BrowserOS/issues/99).

## Quick start

1. Download and install BrowserOS:
   - [macOS](https://files.browseros.com/download/BrowserOS.dmg)
   - [Windows](https://files.browseros.com/download/BrowserOS_installer.exe)
   - [Linux (AppImage)](https://files.browseros.com/download/BrowserOS.AppImage)
   - [Linux (Debian)](https://cdn.browseros.com/download/BrowserOS.deb)

2. Import your Chrome data (optional)

3. Connect your AI provider (OpenAI, Anthropic, or local models via Ollama/LMStudio)

4. Start automating!

## What makes BrowserOS special
- 🏠 Feels like home - same familiar interface as Google Chrome, works with all your extensions
- 🤖 AI agents that run on YOUR browser, not in the cloud
- 🔒 Privacy first - bring your own keys or use local models with Ollama. Your browsing history stays on your computer
- 🚀 Open source and community driven - see exactly what's happening under the hood
- 🤝 BrowserOS as MCP server - you can install our MCP server and use the browser from within `claude-code` or `gemini-cli`.
- 🛡️ (coming soon) Built-in AI ad blocker that works across more scenarios!  

## Demos

### 🤖 BrowserOS agent in action
[![BrowserOS agent in action](docs/videos/browserOS-agent-in-action.gif)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SoSFev5R5dI)
<br/><br/>

### 🎇 Install [BrowserOS as MCP](https://docs.browseros.com/browseros-mcp/how-to-guide) and control it from `claude-code`

https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/c725d6df-1a0d-40eb-a125-ea009bf664dc

<br/><br/>

### 💬 Use BrowserOS to chat

https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/726803c5-8e36-420e-8694-c63a2607beca

<br/><br/>

### ⚡ Use BrowserOS to scrape data

https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/9f038216-bc24-4555-abf1-af2adcb7ebc0

<br/><br/>

## Why We're Building BrowserOS

For the first time since Netscape pioneered the web in 1994, AI gives us the chance to completely reimagine the browser. We've seen tools like Cursor deliver 10x productivity gains for developers—yet everyday browsing remains frustratingly archaic.

You're likely juggling 70+ tabs, battling your browser instead of having it assist you. Routine tasks, like ordering something from amazon or filling a form should be handled seamlessly by AI agents.

At BrowserOS, we're convinced that AI should empower you by automating tasks locally and securely—keeping your data private. We are building the best browser for this future!

## How we compare

<details>
<summary><b>vs Chrome</b></summary>
<br>
While we're grateful for Google open-sourcing Chromium, but Chrome hasn't evolved much in 10 years. No AI features, no automation, no MCP support.
</details>

<details>
<summary><b>vs Brave</b></summary>
<br>
We love what Brave started, but they've spread themselves too thin with crypto, search, VPNs. We're laser-focused on AI-powered browsing.
</details>

<details>
<summary><b>vs Arc/Dia</b></summary>
<br>
Many loved Arc, but it was closed source. When they abandoned users, there was no recourse. We're 100% open source - fork it anytime!
</details>

<details>
<summary><b>vs Perplexity Comet</b></summary>
<br>
They're a search/ad company. Your browser history becomes their product. We keep everything local.
</details>

## Contributing

We'd love your help making BrowserOS better!

- 🐛 [Report bugs](https://github.com/nxtscape/nxtscape/issues)
- 💡 [Suggest features](https://github.com/browseros-ai/BrowserOS/issues/99)
- 💬 [Join Discord](https://discord.gg/YKwjt5vuKr)
- 🐦 [Follow on Twitter](https://x.com/browserOS_ai)

## License

BrowserOS is open source under the [AGPL-3.0 license](LICENSE).

## Stargazers
Thank you to all our supporters!

[![Star History Chart](https://api.star-history.com/svg?repos=browseros-ai/BrowserOS&type=Date)](https://www.star-history.com/#browseros-ai/BrowserOS&Date)

## 

<p align="center">
Built with ❤️ from San Francisco
</p>

Commit message:

chore: update README.md to include credits

README.md, after:

<div align="center">
<img width="693" height="379" alt="github-banner" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/1e37941c-4dbc-4662-9c8c-3bbe9971301d" />

<br></br>
[![Discord](https://img.shields.io/badge/Discord-Join%20us-blue)](https://discord.gg/YKwjt5vuKr)
[![Slack](https://img.shields.io/badge/Slack-Join%20us-4A154B?logo=slack&logoColor=white)](https://dub.sh/browserOS-slack)
[![Twitter](https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/browserOS_ai?style=social)](https://twitter.com/browseros_ai)
[![License: AGPL v3](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-AGPL%20v3-blue.svg)](LICENSE)
<br></br>
<a href="https://files.browseros.com/download/BrowserOS.dmg">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Download-macOS-black?style=flat&logo=apple&logoColor=white" alt="Download for macOS (beta)" />
</a>
<a href="https://files.browseros.com/download/BrowserOS_installer.exe">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Download-Windows-0078D4?style=flat&logo=windows&logoColor=white" alt="Download for Windows (beta)" />
</a>
<a href="https://files.browseros.com/download/BrowserOS.AppImage">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Download-Linux-FCC624?style=flat&logo=linux&logoColor=black" alt="Download for Linux (beta)" />
</a>
<a href="https://cdn.browseros.com/download/BrowserOS.deb">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Download-Debian-D70A53?style=flat&logo=debian&logoColor=white" alt="Download Debian package" />
</a>
<br />
</div>

## 
🌐 BrowserOS is an open-source chromium fork that runs AI agents natively. **Your open-source, privacy-first alternative to ChatGPT Atlas, Perplexity Comet, Dia**.

🔒 Privacy first - use your own API keys or run local models with Ollama. Your data stays on your computer.

💡 Join our [Discord](https://discord.gg/YKwjt5vuKr) or [Slack](https://dub.sh/browserOS-slack) and help us build! Have feature requests? [Suggest here](https://github.com/browseros-ai/BrowserOS/issues/99).

## Quick start

1. Download and install BrowserOS:
   - [macOS](https://files.browseros.com/download/BrowserOS.dmg)
   - [Windows](https://files.browseros.com/download/BrowserOS_installer.exe)
   - [Linux (AppImage)](https://files.browseros.com/download/BrowserOS.AppImage)
   - [Linux (Debian)](https://cdn.browseros.com/download/BrowserOS.deb)

2. Import your Chrome data (optional)

3. Connect your AI provider (OpenAI, Anthropic, or local models via Ollama/LMStudio)

4. Start automating!

## What makes BrowserOS special
- 🏠 Feels like home - same familiar interface as Google Chrome, works with all your extensions
- 🤖 AI agents that run on YOUR browser, not in the cloud
- 🔒 Privacy first - bring your own keys or use local models with Ollama. Your browsing history stays on your computer
- 🚀 Open source and community driven - see exactly what's happening under the hood
- 🤝 BrowserOS as MCP server - you can install our MCP server and use the browser from within `claude-code` or `gemini-cli`.
- 🛡️ (coming soon) Built-in AI ad blocker that works across more scenarios!  

## Demos

### 🤖 BrowserOS agent in action
[![BrowserOS agent in action](docs/videos/browserOS-agent-in-action.gif)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SoSFev5R5dI)
<br/><br/>

### 🎇 Install [BrowserOS as MCP](https://docs.browseros.com/browseros-mcp/how-to-guide) and control it from `claude-code`

https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/c725d6df-1a0d-40eb-a125-ea009bf664dc

<br/><br/>

### 💬 Use BrowserOS to chat

https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/726803c5-8e36-420e-8694-c63a2607beca

<br/><br/>

### ⚡ Use BrowserOS to scrape data

https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/9f038216-bc24-4555-abf1-af2adcb7ebc0

<br/><br/>

## Why We're Building BrowserOS

For the first time since Netscape pioneered the web in 1994, AI gives us the chance to completely reimagine the browser. We've seen tools like Cursor deliver 10x productivity gains for developers—yet everyday browsing remains frustratingly archaic.

You're likely juggling 70+ tabs, battling your browser instead of having it assist you. Routine tasks, like ordering something from amazon or filling a form should be handled seamlessly by AI agents.

At BrowserOS, we're convinced that AI should empower you by automating tasks locally and securely—keeping your data private. We are building the best browser for this future!

## How we compare

<details>
<summary><b>vs Chrome</b></summary>
<br>
While we're grateful for Google open-sourcing Chromium, but Chrome hasn't evolved much in 10 years. No AI features, no automation, no MCP support.
</details>

<details>
<summary><b>vs Brave</b></summary>
<br>
We love what Brave started, but they've spread themselves too thin with crypto, search, VPNs. We're laser-focused on AI-powered browsing.
</details>

<details>
<summary><b>vs Arc/Dia</b></summary>
<br>
Many loved Arc, but it was closed source. When they abandoned users, there was no recourse. We're 100% open source - fork it anytime!
</details>

<details>
<summary><b>vs Perplexity Comet</b></summary>
<br>
They're a search/ad company. Your browser history becomes their product. We keep everything local.
</details>

## Contributing

We'd love your help making BrowserOS better!

- 🐛 [Report bugs](https://github.com/nxtscape/nxtscape/issues)
- 💡 [Suggest features](https://github.com/browseros-ai/BrowserOS/issues/99)
- 💬 [Join Discord](https://discord.gg/YKwjt5vuKr)
- 🐦 [Follow on Twitter](https://x.com/browserOS_ai)

## Credits

### ungoogled-chromium
BrowserOS uses some patches from [ungoogled-chromium](https://github.com/ungoogled-software/ungoogled-chromium) for enhanced privacy. Thanks to everyone behind this project!

### The Chromium Project
[The Chromium Project](https://www.chromium.org/) is at the core of BrowserOS, making it possible to exist in the first place.

## License

BrowserOS is open source under the [AGPL-3.0 license](LICENSE).

## Stargazers
Thank you to all our supporters!

[![Star History Chart](https://api.star-history.com/svg?repos=browseros-ai/BrowserOS&type=Date)](https://www.star-history.com/#browseros-ai/BrowserOS&Date)

## 

<p align="center">
Built with ❤️ from San Francisco
</p>
