docs/browseros-mcp/how-to-guide.mdx, before:

---
title: "How To Guide"
description: "Connect BrowserOS as an MCP server to Claude Code or Claude Desktop"
---

## How to use `BrowserOS-mcp` on Claude Code

1. Download binary from [BrowserOS.com](https://BrowserOS.com)
2. Open BrowserOS and from a new tab click the settings icon to open the settings page.
3. From the settings page, navigate to **MCP** in the sidebar and copy the MCP URL
4. In your terminal, type the below command (Replace `<mcp_url>` with the MCP URL you copied above): 
   ```
   claude mcp add --transport http browseros <mcp_url>
   # example: claude mcp add --transport http browseros http://127.0.0.1:9226/mcp
   ``` 
5. Now start Claude Code: `claude --dangerously-skip-permissions` (so Claude doesn't ask for confirmation each time)
6. Now, in Claude Code, type `Open amazon.com on browseros` to open the tab in BrowserOS.

Here's a [loom video](https://www.loom.com/share/9a41b74f265649a2993c329b05f93b54?sid=009690dd-e1a0-47b9-9b41-abe544e90c78) capturing the above steps! 🥳

### gemini-cli
The steps are roughly the same as above, but to add the MCP server, run the following command:

```
gemini mcp add local-server <mcp_url> --transport http
# example: gemini mcp add local-server http://127.0.0.1:9226/mcp --transport http

```

---

## How to add `BrowserOS-mcp` on Claude Desktop

1. Download binary from [BrowserOS.com](https://BrowserOS.com)
2. Open BrowserOS and from a new tab click the settings icon to open the settings page. From the settings page, navigate to **MCP** in the sidebar and note the port number (usually `9225`).
3. Open your Claude Desktop config file: `/Users/<username>/Library/Application Support/Claude/claude_desktop_config.json`
4. Add BrowserOS to your config (replace the port with the value shown in MCP settings page):
```json
{
  "mcpServers": {
    "browserOS": {
      "command": "npx",
      "args": ["mcp-remote", "http://127.0.0.1:<port>/mcp"]
    }
  }
}
```
5. Restart Claude Desktop. You should see the MCP connection indicator showing BrowserOS is connected

---

## Demo videos

### better agentic loop for web app development
[![Frontend dev demo](https://img.youtube.com/vi/vcSxzIIkg_0/0.jpg)](https://youtu.be/vcSxzIIkg_0)

### claude-code + `BrowserOS-mcp` == agentic browser!
[![Agentic tasks demo](https://img.youtube.com/vi/rPFx_Btajj0/0.jpg)](https://youtu.be/rPFx_Btajj0)

### vibe coded HN clone in under 5 mintes
[![vibe coding HN](https://img.youtube.com/vi/c-egH0R3ZTs/0.jpg)](https://youtu.be/c-egH0R3ZTs)

Commit message:

fix: update the browseros AI path (#251)

docs/browseros-mcp/how-to-guide.mdx, after:

---
title: "How To Guide"
description: "Connect BrowserOS as an MCP server to Claude Code or Claude Desktop"
---

## How to use `BrowserOS-mcp` on Claude Code

1. Download binary from [BrowserOS.com](https://BrowserOS.com)
2. Open BrowserOS and navigate to `chrome://browseros/settings` or click the **Settings** icon on the new tab page.
3. Navigate to **MCP** in the sidebar and copy the MCP URL
4. In your terminal, type the below command (Replace `<mcp_url>` with the MCP URL you copied above): 
   ```
   claude mcp add --transport http browseros <mcp_url>
   # example: claude mcp add --transport http browseros http://127.0.0.1:9226/mcp
   ``` 
5. Now start Claude Code: `claude --dangerously-skip-permissions` (so Claude doesn't ask for confirmation each time)
6. Now, in Claude Code, type `Open amazon.com on browseros` to open the tab in BrowserOS.

Here's a [loom video](https://www.loom.com/share/9a41b74f265649a2993c329b05f93b54?sid=009690dd-e1a0-47b9-9b41-abe544e90c78) capturing the above steps! 🥳

### gemini-cli
The steps are roughly the same as above, but to add the MCP server, run the following command:

```
gemini mcp add local-server <mcp_url> --transport http
# example: gemini mcp add local-server http://127.0.0.1:9226/mcp --transport http

```

---

## How to add `BrowserOS-mcp` on Claude Desktop

1. Download binary from [BrowserOS.com](https://BrowserOS.com)
2. Open BrowserOS and navigate to `chrome://browseros/settings` or click the **Settings** icon on the new tab page. Navigate to **MCP** in the sidebar and note the port number (usually `9225`).
3. Open your Claude Desktop config file: `/Users/<username>/Library/Application Support/Claude/claude_desktop_config.json`
4. Add BrowserOS to your config (replace the port with the value shown in MCP settings page):
```json
{
  "mcpServers": {
    "browserOS": {
      "command": "npx",
      "args": ["mcp-remote", "http://127.0.0.1:<port>/mcp"]
    }
  }
}
```
5. Restart Claude Desktop. You should see the MCP connection indicator showing BrowserOS is connected

---

## Demo videos

### better agentic loop for web app development
[![Frontend dev demo](https://img.youtube.com/vi/vcSxzIIkg_0/0.jpg)](https://youtu.be/vcSxzIIkg_0)

### claude-code + `BrowserOS-mcp` == agentic browser!
[![Agentic tasks demo](https://img.youtube.com/vi/rPFx_Btajj0/0.jpg)](https://youtu.be/rPFx_Btajj0)

### vibe coded HN clone in under 5 mintes
[![vibe coding HN](https://img.youtube.com/vi/c-egH0R3ZTs/0.jpg)](https://youtu.be/c-egH0R3ZTs)
