docs/bring-your-own-keys/openrouter.mdx, before:

---
title: "Open Router"
description: "Configure BrowserOS to use Open Router for access to multiple AI models"
---

OpenRouter gives you access to 500+ models through one API. Try different models without managing multiple API keys.

## Get your API key

Visit [openrouter.ai](https://openrouter.ai), sign up, and create an API key. OpenRouter shows your key right on the homepage under "Get your API key".

![SCR-20251007-kcgl.png](/docs/images/SCR-20251007-kcgl.png)

## Configure BrowserOS

### Step 1: Add OpenRouter provider

Click the settings icon in BrowserOS, then click **USE** on the OpenRouter card.

![SCR-20251007-kcnd.png](/docs/images/SCR-20251007-kcnd.png)

### Step 2: Pick a model

Visit [openrouter.ai/models](https://openrouter.ai/models) and find the model you want. Click on it to copy the model ID (like `openai/gpt-4.1-mini`).

![SCR-20251007-kern.png](/docs/images/SCR-20251007-kern.png)

### Step 3: Configure your provider

In BrowserOS, paste the model ID into **Model ID** field. The model ID should be in the format shown under "Custom" (e.g., `openai/gpt-4.1-mini`). Paste your OpenRouter API key, set **Context Window Size** based on the model, and check **Supports Images** if the model supports it. Click **Save**.

![SCR-20251007-kfel.png](/docs/images/SCR-20251007-kfel.png)

Done! You can switch between different models anytime by creating new providers with different model IDs.

Commit message:

fix: update the browseros AI path (#251)

docs/bring-your-own-keys/openrouter.mdx, after:

---
title: "Open Router"
description: "Configure BrowserOS to use Open Router for access to multiple AI models"
---

OpenRouter gives you access to 500+ models through one API. Try different models without managing multiple API keys.

## Get your API key

Visit [openrouter.ai](https://openrouter.ai), sign up, and create an API key. OpenRouter shows your key right on the homepage under "Get your API key".

![SCR-20251007-kcgl.png](/docs/images/SCR-20251007-kcgl.png)

## Configure BrowserOS

### Step 1: Add OpenRouter provider

Navigate to `chrome://browseros/settings` or click the **Settings** icon on the new tab page, then click **USE** on the OpenRouter card.

![SCR-20251007-kcnd.png](/docs/images/SCR-20251007-kcnd.png)

### Step 2: Pick a model

Visit [openrouter.ai/models](https://openrouter.ai/models) and find the model you want. Click on it to copy the model ID (like `openai/gpt-4.1-mini`).

![SCR-20251007-kern.png](/docs/images/SCR-20251007-kern.png)

### Step 3: Configure your provider

In BrowserOS, paste the model ID into **Model ID** field. The model ID should be in the format shown under "Custom" (e.g., `openai/gpt-4.1-mini`). Paste your OpenRouter API key, set **Context Window Size** based on the model, and check **Supports Images** if the model supports it. Click **Save**.

![SCR-20251007-kfel.png](/docs/images/SCR-20251007-kfel.png)

Done! You can switch between different models anytime by creating new providers with different model IDs.
