docs/bring-your-own-keys/openai.mdx, before:

---
title: "OpenAI"
description: "Configure BrowserOS to use OpenAI's GPT models"
---

GPT-4.1 is powerful for complex agent tasks. If you need the best reasoning capabilities, OpenAI is a solid choice.

## Get your API key

### Step 1: Go to OpenAI Platform

Visit [platform.openai.com](https://platform.openai.com), click the settings icon in the top right, then go to **API keys** in the left sidebar.

![SCR-20251007-kibz.png](/docs/images/SCR-20251007-kibz.png)

### Step 2: Create a new key

Click **Create new secret key**, name it, and click **Create secret key**.

![SCR-20251007-kiyo.png](/docs/images/SCR-20251007-kiyo.png)

### Step 3: Copy your key

Copy the key that appears. Keep it safe - you won't be able to see it again.

## Configure BrowserOS

Click the settings icon in BrowserOS, then click **USE** on the OpenAI card. Paste your API key and configure the settings based on your chosen model. For GPT-4.1, set **Context Window Size** to `128000` and check **Supports Images**. Click **Save**.

![image.png](/docs/images/image.png)

Done! You're ready to use BrowserOS with OpenAI.

Commit message:

fix: update the browseros AI path (#251)

docs/bring-your-own-keys/openai.mdx, after:

---
title: "OpenAI"
description: "Configure BrowserOS to use OpenAI's GPT models"
---

GPT-4.1 is powerful for complex agent tasks. If you need the best reasoning capabilities, OpenAI is a solid choice.

## Get your API key

### Step 1: Go to OpenAI Platform

Visit [platform.openai.com](https://platform.openai.com), click the settings icon in the top right, then go to **API keys** in the left sidebar.

![SCR-20251007-kibz.png](/docs/images/SCR-20251007-kibz.png)

### Step 2: Create a new key

Click **Create new secret key**, name it, and click **Create secret key**.

![SCR-20251007-kiyo.png](/docs/images/SCR-20251007-kiyo.png)

### Step 3: Copy your key

Copy the key that appears. Keep it safe - you won't be able to see it again.

## Configure BrowserOS

Navigate to `chrome://browseros/settings` or click the **Settings** icon on the new tab page, then click **USE** on the OpenAI card. Paste your API key and configure the settings based on your chosen model. For GPT-4.1, set **Context Window Size** to `128000` and check **Supports Images**. Click **Save**.

![image.png](/docs/images/image.png)

Done! You're ready to use BrowserOS with OpenAI.
